Build: expose `READTHEDOCS_VIRTUALENV_PATH` variable (#9971)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/environment-variables.rst

    :Examples: ``en``, ``it``, ``de_AT``, ``es``, ``pt_BR``

.. envvar:: READTHEDOCS_VIRTUALENV_PATH

>     Path where Read the Docs created the virtualenv for this build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Path for the virtualenv that was created for this build.
    Only exists for builds using Virtualenv and not Conda. 
```

Can we link the virtualenv link somewhere useful? Perhaps https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/builds.html#understanding-what-s-going-on ?
